While women's cycling is evolving, it still has a long way to go. Whereas minimun wage requirements ensure that riders competing at the men's WorldTour and Pro Continental level are paid a salary where they can live off, there's no minimun wage at any women's level. Even some of the best teams on the scene can't afford to pay their riders a full salary. As a result, many pros cycle only part time, spending the other half of their time supplementing their income with side jobs, studing or taking care of their families.

女性單車活動持續發展著，仍有很長的路要走。然而最低薪資的需求確保在世界級與洲際級競爭的車手所支付的薪水足以過活，在女子組裡面是沒有最低薪資的。即使最好的隊伍裡頭也無法負擔支付車手全薪。因此眾多職業車手唯有兼職，利用他們另外大半時間透過兼職增加收入，唸書或是照顧家庭。

Here's a look at the 'other' lives of some cycling pros.

來看看另些職業車手的生活。

If cycling doesn't work out for British individual time trial champion Claire Rose, she's got a medical career  to fall back on.

對於英國計時賽冠軍Claire Rose來說，若單車這條路不通，她仍有醫學專業能夠倚賴。

The 30-year-old started cycling after an injury ended her rowing career. Within seven months, she started racing bikes and was picked up by the British team pursuit program. She would represent team GB at several international events but decided to continue her studies and work as a doctor.

因傷結束划船生涯後的三十歲開始騎單車，七個月後參加比賽且獲選英國國家隊培訓計畫，他原本想代表大不列顛參與眾多賽事，但決定繼續讀書和走醫生這途。

Still, she was curious to see where cycling could take her. So when her British team Podium Ambition folded at  the end of 2016, Rose decided to cross the pond and sign with American UCI team, Visit Dallas-DNA, eyeing the national TT title and a chance to prove herself on the world's stage at the 2017 UCI Road World Championships in Richmond. Her first goal has been reached, now we'll have to wait to see if she makes it to Bergen.

Claire仍想知道單車能帶他走到什麼樣的高度，於是當他的英國奪牌野心結束在2016時，他決定轉往美國UCI隊伍，目標國家計時賽冠軍頭銜，透過在Richmond的2017 UCI公路世界錦標賽來證明自己，就讓我們來看看他是否能達成。

"Having spent a couple of years working as a junior doctor, I knew that I had to make the decision now if I was going to really go for it and give cycling a good shot again otherwise I would miss out on the opportunity."

"在初級醫生生涯度過兩年，我知道我必須在當下做出決定是不是要在單車拼一波，不然我會錯失很多機會。"
------

Elisa Longo Borghini, A FUTURE ITALIAN POLICE OFFICER

When Elisa crossed the finish line of the Italian road championshops, she wasn't donning her usual black Wiggle-High5 kit. Instead, she wore the blue and purple outfit of the Flamme Oro State Police.

當Elisa在義大利公路錦標賽跨越終點線時並沒有穿著應該穿的黑色Wiggle-High5車服，取而代之的是藍紫色的Flamme Oro州警服裝。

Ahead of the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Longo Borghini took a month off for a training block and to graduate a one-year program at the Italian police academy. And upon winning the bronze medal in the road race, she was honoured in the prestigious Coni a Roma ceremony by the Italian Police.

里約奧運前夕，Longo Borghini取消了一個月的訓練項目以及自義大利警察學院的一年課程畢業，接著在公路賽贏得銅牌，他讓義大利警方在相當聲望的Coni a Roma儀式裡接受表揚。

Longo Borghini is part of the Flamme Oro program ('flamme oro' meaning 'golden flames'), which dates back to 1954, when the state pilice devoted themselves to the development of high-profile athletes across several disciplines. The aim is to maintain and promote and enhance the national sports heritage.

Longo Borghini 是Flamme Oro課程的一員('flamme oro'意為'金焰')，追溯至1954年，州警們致力於高度注目運動員在多方位的發展。目標是維持、提升和強化在全國性比賽的傳統。

"In Italy if you one of the top riders, and are a candidate (or have been to) the Olympics, you can enter the army or state police in the sports sector," Longo Borghini told Ella CyclingTips.

"若你在義大利是頂尖騎手，同時身為(或曾經是)奧運代表，就能進入軍隊或州警的運動部門。" Longo Borghini如是說。

"You do some courses and attend some lessons, but you can complete your sports career with funding from the state. And when you finish your sports career you return to the police or army to complete the academy and start working on duty. You can choose your speciality and I, for example, want to work with dogs. It's a good program because you have a proper job, pension facilities, etc. It allows you to focues 100 percent on your sports career and you know you for sure have a job when you finish."

"你進行了些講座也參與了些課程，但你仍能透過州提供資金完成你的運動生涯，在你結束運動生涯，就回到警隊或軍隊來完成學業並開始就職。你能選擇你的專長，例如和警犬一起上工。這是很好的計劃，因為你真的有個工作、退休金等等。這允許你百分百專注在你的運動項目，而且你知道在運動告段落後你確定有份工作。"

As long as Longo Borghini is a professional cyclist, she will not actively be on police duty, but her education with the police means she knows, among other things, how to shoot a weapon.

他在作為職業車手時無法擔任警察勤務，除此之外，但他的警校教育讓他知道如何使用武器。

In addition to a career in the police force, Longo Borghini has also expressed a wish to get a degree to become a Russian or Chinese translator. We are interested to see what Longo Borghini's post-cycling career will look like, but that won't be for several years yet.

"Yes, it will be some years still. I'm like the wine, the older I get, the better I get," Longo Borghini joked.

警務以外，Longo Borghini也表達了希望拿到俄文或中文翻譯的學位。我們期待Longo Borghini在單車生涯後會是如何，不會等待太久的。

"是的，還需要等待個幾年，我就像酒一樣，越陳越香。" Longo Borghini如此說笑著。







